hi guys we were at the Olympic game farm
here the first animal where you see hey
bud back up back up mother give me a
Brendon fetch his friends here oh my
grandpa's teeth mouth can you are a cute
motherfucker hey watch watch the paint
he's not looking go go go go get know
we're gonna catch his head I didn't mean
to flip it up okay hey hey his robbery
back up back up
hey not today hey this guy's aggressive
hey
I said back up boy these cut so these
guys don't know I'm getting raped over
here back up go get some from your
friend no no go get some from your
friend walk away walk away hey hey hey
get back up hey hey you had your fixings
back roosters oh no hey eat your hay
back up you shall not pass he's smart we
got a feed in the past I can feelin
breathing oh go go
this sucks huh why do they put you in
these cages why do they do that that's
not right I'm on your side
you got a name buddy
got a name huge backup
you got a snotter backup I'm getting
harassed hey hey he's eating our hey hey
stop eating our car I think you're gonna
get the food cuz you're like hey stop
hey hey what do you think that says ah
you're welcome you're welcome
hey you're over saying you're welcome
buddy it's all we got for ya oh here
comes the gang
did say say got a Buffalo coming sorry
sorry buffaloes coming he likes to ruin
the day
see ya know he's cutting us off spice in
Buffalo he's coming for us though watch
out Bambi hey back up back up back up
hey what's up you albino fuckface I kind
of like you oh crap oh crap
Oh back up bro hey watch out we got a
sprinting bison